            Server Version Instructions

In the server version of Timez Attack you can assign
names to the different classroom groups, lock the
version selection, and lock the options. We've 
purposely made these instructions a bit un-intuitive
so that children don't mess up your settings.

1. ASSIGN NAMES TO CLASSES:
   Select any class and then in the "New Game" slot,
   type "C#=" followed by the desired name--where "#"
   represents the # of the class you're assigning.

	EXAMPLE:
	C1=Mrs. Ross

	RESULT:
	"Mrs. Ross" shows up instead of "Class 1"
     
   This only needs to be done once, and can be done
   from any computer.

2. LOCK THE SCHOOL/HOME VERSION SELECTION:
   Similar to #1, but type in the "New Game" space you
   will type either "VersionLock" or "VersionUnlock" to 
   lock or unlock the ability to switch back and forth
   between the Home and School version.  This only needs
   to be done once, and can be done from any computer.

3. LOCK THE OPTIONS:  
   Same as #1 and #2, but in the "New Game" space you
   will type either "OptionsLock" or "OptionsUnlock"
   to lock or unlock the Options menu.  This only needs
   to be done once, and can be done from any computer.

4. LOCK THE NAMES:
   Sometimes students will choose to add inappropriate
   names to the game.  To avoid this you can lock the
   players games so that they cannot add new ones.

   This is done just like #1 - #3, but in the "New Game"
   space you will type either "nameslock" or "namesunlock". 

5. SPEED UP OR SLOW DOWN THE BOSS:
   Occasionally you may have a student who needs a com-
   pletely different difficulty level.  To do this you
   first unlock the time settings by calling a new game
   "TimeUnlock".  Then start the game for the student
   and press either "m" to add MORE time or "n" to 
   decrease the allowed time.  After you have adjusted
   the speed, lock the time again by titling a new game
   "TimeLock".  A different speed would need to be set
   for each game--but only once.

6. UPDATING AUDIO CODEC:
   If you install Timez Attack ONLY on the server, the
   individual computers will likely be missing a Codec.
   The game is programmed to automatically detect this
   absence and install the missing codec the first time
   you launch the shortcut to the game on each PC.

   However, due to size limitations, this auto-install
   of the codec feature is not available in the free
   version.  Please either call us to demo the full
   version or go to each computer and run OggDS0994.exe
   from the "data" folder where you've installed Timez
   Attack.

If we've made any of this TOO cryptic, please call
us toll-free at 877 356-7040.

Best wishes,

Big Brainz
